---
layout: detail
title:  Suime
category: ios_projects
image: /images/iOS/suime.jpg 
cost: Free
type: Education
version: 1.5.1
publishDate: Jul 07, 2016
size: 22.2 MB
copyright: © 上海随印信息科技有限公司
require:  Requires iOS 8.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.
screenShoot: "['/images/iOS/suime/1.jpeg','/images/iOS/suime/2.jpeg','/images/iOS/suime/3.jpeg','/images/iOS/suime/4.jpeg']"
itunesLink:  https://itunes.apple.com/cn/app/id1066719872
---

INFO

In order to let you study easier, we elaborately designed SuiMe in great detail.
You don’t need to waste time looking for some learning materials anymore, and everything you want is within easy reach.
Your files are always with whenever and wherever you are.

FUNCTIONS

- Scan your paper and make it into a document.
 
- Upload and back up your files quickly, view and synchronize them in real time with a mobile or computer, never worry about losing files.
 
- Multi-ways for import and export: upload files to WeChat, Baidu Cloud，QQ，mailbox，SuiMe Library website , and then share to SuiMe.

- Find what you needed in the millions of files in SuiMe Library and collecting for reading at anytime.
 
- Automatically recommend appropriate files to you according to your major and university
 
- Using the newest function - SuiMe Cloud Print while needing to print any file, and our staff would print files and 

- provide home delivery service immediately. Enjoy the free service without going out of the dormitory, even in winter.

ATTENTION 

Staring at the screen for a long time is harmful for your eyes，if you like this file，just print it out.

Follow the official WeChat account - SuiMe for more recent activities information

Now recruiting more partners from the whole country. Having fun in starting your own business while helping others to make progress in study.

Searching the App for more information:

SuiMe Partner.

If you have any suggestion, please feel free to send an email to product@sui.me.